#summary How to configure windows XP to use Proxoid

= Installation on Windows XP =

== Overview ==

Your computer have to be able to cummunicate with your phone.<br/>
For this, there is a tool provided with Android SDK : adb.<br/>
So we'll have to download this tool, install it's driver and start it.<br>
(Steps 1 ~ 5)

Then we'll have to tell your browser to use it.<br/>
(Steps 6 ~ 8)

== Step 1 : Download Android SDK ==

There is two options here :
 # You can download a subset of SDK I made for you. It contains only the driver and the tool. It's just 4Mb => Step 1.1
 # Or you can download full SDK. It's about 150Mb. If you'r not a developper, it will not be very useful => Step 1.2

=== Step 1.2 : Download full SDK ===

As I'm writing this help, the SDK link is on http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html and the filename is android-sdk-windows-1.5_r1.zip.<br/>
The full link is http://developer.android.com/sdk/download.html?v=android-sdk-windows-1.5_r1.zip.

Save it 

Then, extract to your disk.
Let say it will be located in c:\android-sdk-windows-1.5_r1.

== Step 2 : Android's usb driver installation ==

- Plug your phone.
- Windows will ask you for the driver. Browse to c:\android-sdk-windows-1.5_r1\usb_driver\x86

To check if your phone is correctly detected :
- launch a dos console : [Start]/[Run]/cmd.exe
- go to sdk's tool subdirectory : 
c:
cd \android-sdk-windows-1.5_r1\tools
- type
adb.exe devices
the output must look like
List of devices attached
HT848GZ40121    device


== Step 3 : Run adb ==

Now we can launch adb to forward internet traffic to the phone :
c:
cd \android-sdk-windows-1.5_r1\tools
adb.exe forward tcp:8080 tcp:8080

== Step 4 : Configure browser ==

Your browser must now user localhost:8080 for proxy.

== Step 5 : Finally run Proxoid ==

On your phone, run Proxoid and touch Start.

That's all. You can now start Browsing using your phone's Internet Access.